How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I could compare both versions of the file line by line and spot the 
    differences that way.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can always see what changes have been made and observe how the file 
    ‚evolved over time.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros:
    - I have the best idea about the logical structure of the project and know
      which groups of changes belong to one logical change
    - I can decide what a granularity I want to achieve with the 
      number of versions

    Cons:
    - There is a need of discipline to keep the history well-structured and readable
    - If you don't care and don't commit, no single commit will be created

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    This depends on the question, if single logical changes can possibly span 
    across several files or not

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    You use git log to find the specific commit that contains the change you
    are looking for. After that, you look at the commit id of that and the 
    previous commit and execute 'diff -u [previd] [changeid]' to find all 
    changes that were related to that logical change.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Breaking something isn't dangerous anymore as I always go back in time checking
    out previous commits!

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I'm already using it for my work projects, but will also use it for my own stuff to come!